Support for Ephemeral Container (#25)
cybozu-go/pod-security-admission: README.md

[docs](docs/) directory contains documents about designs and specifications.

Limitations
-----------

> The following webhooks do not work.
> - Validating Webhook to deny an ephemeral container from running as root user.
> - Mutating Webhook to force an ephemeral container to run as non-root user.
> 
> This is because `kubectl debug` command can not specify a user to run ephemeral containers.

Reviewer: It would be good to clarify that the restrictions are intentional.

```suggestion
The behavior of the webhooks are restricted intentionally as follows:
- Validating Webhook does not deny an ephemeral container from running as root user.
- Mutating Webhook does not force an ephemeral container to run as non-root user.

This is because `kubectl debug` command cannot specify a user to run ephemeral containers.
```
